title: The Prognostic Maintenance System
image: /static/images/wt2.gif



<br><br><br>
<hr>
<div class="container" class=" text-center" id="csv" >
<div class="container">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col">
<h1>Upload Bearing Vibration Data File</h1>

<form action="/upload_image" method="POST" enctype="multipart/form-data">
<div class="form-group">
          <div class="custom-file">
            <input type="file" class="custom-file-input" name="file" id="file">
            <label class="custom-file-label" for="image">Select CSV file...</label>
          </div>
        </div>
<button type="submit" class="btn btn-primary" name="csv">Upload</button>
</form>
</div>
  </div>
</div>

<br><br><br>
<hr>



<h1>CONTEXT OF THE PROJECT</h1>

Currently, the hydro power and wind power projects operating in Pakistan have adopted a reactive approach towards fault diagnosis. Maintenance activities are either corrective, that are applied once the fault has already occurred or preventive where scheduled maintenance of the equipment is being carried out at pre-defined time periods. These approaches not only lead to plant downtime but also incur extensive maintenance costs. Also, the plant downtime further adds to the prevailing energy shortfall. 
In order to address the aforementioned issues, a proactive approach towards fault diagnosis is required, where the faults are identified ahead of time thereby reducing the plant downtime and the associated maintenance costs. Hence, we have developed a robust and artificial intelligent fault prognostic system using the data generated by the SCADA systems installed at the power projects. This software effectively predicts the faults in the bearings installed at hydropower and wind power projects, ahead of time. The software has been tested both on real data and data generated by a test rig. The performance of the software was evaluated and it was found that the software accurately predicts the bearing faults. 


<div class="center isolated">
    <a class="button" href="{{ url_for("page", path="about") }}">About Prognostic Maintenance System</a> 
    <a class="button" href="{{ url_for("page", path="contacts") }}">Contact</a>
</div>
